ISPN-13982: Expand content on setting BASIC intelligence for cluster topology (#1592)
infinispan/infinispan-operator: documentation/asciidoc/topics/con_hotrod_clients.adoc

.Client intelligence

The Hot Rod protocol includes a mechanism that provides clients with an up-to-date view of the cache topology.
Client intelligence improves performance by reducing the number of network hops for read and write operations.

Clients running in the same {k8s} cluster can access internal IP addresses for {brandname} pods so you can use any client intelligence.

[NOTE]
====
{k8s} cluster administrators can define network policies that restrict traffic to {brandname}.
In some cases network isolation policies can require you to use `BASIC` intelligence even when clients are running in the same {k8s} cluster but a different namespace.
====

> `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE`:: The default intelligence mechanism. Best mechanism for allowing clients to route requests to primary owners, which improves a client's performance. 

Reviewer: I was thinking about something similar to https://github.com/infinispan/infinispan/pull/10200/files which also organizes the text using some kind of heading. 
HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE:: when to use it and why
BASIC:: when to use it and why 
But it only makes sense to use it for both terms. If you want to keep it as it is then drop `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE`:: and move the sentence back to line 13

[NOTE]
====
Hot Rod clients must use `BASIC` intelligence in the following situations:

> * You connect to {brandname} through a `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, or {openshiftshort} `Route`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be "Connecting to ..>" as suggested [here](https://github.com/infinispan/infinispan-operator/pull/1592#discussion_r914076742)

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> * When connecting to {brandname} through a `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, or {openshiftshort} `Route`.

Reviewer 3: @ryanemerson Would this apply to a k8s Ingress as well as a Route?

> * When connecting to {brandname} through a `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, or {openshiftshort} `Route`.

Author: Thanks. Updated.

> * {brandname} Server cluster does not send internal and hidden cluster topology.

Reviewer 3: @ryanemerson Should this be more "cache topology" than "cluster topology"?

Reviewer 2: Tbh I'm not sure what the second bullet is trying to convey here? The server will always send internal IPs of the cluster pods when `!BASIC` intelligence is used. The problem is that the client doesn't have access to these IPs, so it can't communicate directly with them.

> * {brandname} Server cluster does not send internal and hidden cluster topology.

Reviewer 3: @dfitzmau "cluster" is duplicated in the sentence. It's also usually the convention to say "{brandname} Server does something / performs an action" with more of a branding voice to make it clear the server is one of the primary components of an Infinispan deployment.

Think of Infinispan Server as the engine of the deployment that works with the other parts, Console, CLI, Operator.

It helps with clarity in docs to focus on which component is performing what action and refer to that component as a specific entity. Treat it like a proper noun and use 3rd person active. In some cases it does make sense to follow "{brandname} Server" with a noun such as cluster, instance, installation, or deployment. That can be helpful when you have a construction that starts with a definite article or need to use a plural construction.

> * When an {brandname} Server cluster does not send internal and hidden cluster topology.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* {brandname} Server does not send cluster topology to Hot Rod clients.
```

Reviewer 3: Avoid putting an indefinite article before `{brandname}`. That attribute resolves to either Infinispan or Data Grid. So, downstream, you'd end up with "an Data Grid".

> * A client running in one {k8s} cluster wants to access a different {k8s} cluster, so cross-site failover is required.

Reviewer 2: The scenario we're describing is when the client has cross-site failover configured, so the last part of the sentence could be "e.g. when cross-site failover is required."

Or we could change the sentence to be: "Connecting to external {k8s} clusters, e.g. when cross-site failover is required."

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> * A client running external to {k8s} cluster cannot access IP addresses for {brandname} pods in this cluster. 

Reviewer 2: Tbh I don't think we need to explicitly state this second scenario, as an external client must always connect via one of the three methods detailed in the first bullet point as k8s services are not accessible externally.

Reading the Jira it seems the issue is specifically focused on the xsite scenario where the client is deployed on one k8s cluster but fail-over to a different site (on a seperate k8s cluster) is possible. In which case, can we just have something as simple as:

"Cross-site failover is required"

Author: Thanks, @ryanemerson . I revised the sentence. Does the use case read better now?

.Client intelligence

The Hot Rod protocol includes a mechanism that provides clients with an up-to-date view of the cache topology.
Client intelligence improves performance by reducing the number of network hops for read and write operations.

> `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism, and it allows clients to route requests to primary owners, which provides the best performance for Hot Rod clients.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism and enables clients to route requests directly to primary owners, which provides the best performance for Hot Rod clients.
```

Reviewer 3: I think "and it allows" creates a comma-splice that joins two independent clauses. If you don't like "allow" how about "enable" instead?

Author: Switched to "enables" . The coordinating conjunction links the two independent clauses so that no comma splice exists.

> `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism, and it enables clients to route requests to primary owners, which provides the best performance for Hot Rod clients.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism and enables clients to route requests to primary owners, which provides the best performance for Hot Rod clients.
```

Author: HI @oraNod . Updated. You OK to approve the PR?

> `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism. `HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the best mechanism for allowing clients to route requests to primary owners, which improves a client's performance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism and allows clients to route requests to primary owners, providing the best performance for Hot Rod clients.
```

Author: Thanks, @oraNod . I implemented your suggestion with some slight tweaks. I usually avoid the verb "allow" in my content, but it's not anthropomorphic in this instance, so all G!

[NOTE]
====
Hot Rod clients must use `BASIC` intelligence in the following situations:

* Connecting to {brandname} through a `LoadBalancer`, `NodePort`, or {openshiftshort} `Route`.

> * Accessing a different {k8s} cluster when using cross-site replication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Failing over to a different {k8s} cluster when using cross-site replication.
```

Author: Implemented

> * Running a client in one {k8s} cluster and the client wants to access a different {k8s} cluster when cross-site failover is required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Accessing a different {k8s} cluster when using cross-site replication.
```

Reviewer 3: Should always use "cross-site replication" not "cross-site failover" for clarity and consistency. Cross-site replication is the actual name of the capability.

Reviewer 2: In this case we're not talking about the capability, we're talking about the act of the client failing over from one k8s cluster to another.

Author: Thanks, @oraNod . I've added this terminology to my notes.

Author: Oh, sorry @ryanemerson . Revery to `Running a client in one {k8s} cluster and the client wants to access a different {k8s} cluster when cross-site failover is required.` ?

Reviewer 3: How about "Failing over to a different {k8s} cluster when using cross-site replication."

The Hot Rod protocol includes a mechanism that provides clients with an up-to-date view of the cache topology.
Client intelligence improves performance by reducing the number of network hops for read and write operations.

Clients running in the same {k8s} cluster can access internal IP addresses for {brandname} pods so you can use any client intelligence.

> .`HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` intelligence

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clients running in the same {k8s} cluster can access internal IP addresses for {brandname} pods so you can use any client intelligence.
```

Author: Block title removed.

`HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE` is the default intelligence mechanism and enables clients to route requests to primary owners, which provides the best performance for Hot Rod clients.

> .`BASIC`intelligence

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.`BASIC` intelligence
```

In some cases network isolation policies can require you to use `BASIC` intelligence even when clients are running in the same {k8s} cluster but a different namespace.
====

> {hr_name} clients must use `BASIC` intelligence for the following use cases:

Reviewer 4: +1

> {hr_name} clients must use `BASIC` intelligence for the following use cases:

Reviewer: Hi, I agree we should highlight the information. However two admonitions right next to each other in one module might not be the best approach.
I'm thinking about using basic description list and putting those two terms side by side and explaining in the description when to use each.
https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/ 
HASH_DISTRIBUTION_AWARE:: 
And we can still use an admonition to emphasize some of the information. This is just a suggestion @dfitzmau might have better idea.

> {hr_name} clients must use `BASIC` intelligence for the following use cases:

Author: Hi @dvagnero . Thank you for the comment. 

I moved the Kubernetes cluster note closer to the associated section.

I added a description list item, but it's on its own. Not sure if it's visually correct?
